ROX-15774: Deprecation changelog entry for expiration field in Excluxion proto (#5100)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

- ROX-14336: product `BuildDate` attribute was removed. It won't be returned by
`/debug/versions.json` endpoint and `roxctl version --json` command.

### Deprecated Features
- Deprecated `/v1/telemetry/configure` service.

> - The `expiration` field in the `Exclusion` proto will be deprecated in future releases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `expiration` field in the `Exclusion` proto is deprecated and will be removed in the 4.2 release.
```

Author: Are we saying out release numbers? If you see precedents we are not.

Reviewer: > Label and Annotation search options are deprecated and will be removed in 3.73
https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/813cee1c284da8b274b405c3fdb4d0649c040317/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L144

https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/813cee1c284da8b274b405c3fdb4d0649c040317/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L176

There are a few examples. Not a big deal though since it gets converted into a table in the real docs

> If you have questions about this change, please contact the Red Hat support team at support@redhat.com.

Reviewer: Don't need this second line. It'll be added automatically in the official doc.

Author: Got it
